This tutorial assumes that you are already able to log in to your SSH server and that 
you already have a wandb account logged on to your VSCode.

1. Open terminal and log in to your SSH server
2. type "tmux" and press enter (remove quotation marks)
3. After pressing enter, a tmux session terminal will appear.
4. (Optional) Activate your virtual environment 
5. (Optional) If the Reproducibility folfer is inside another folder, type
"cd folder1", where folder1 is the name of the folder containing Reproducibility 
(if folder1 is inside another folder, use cd folder2/folder1, and so on)
6. you are now ready to run the deep learning algorithm. run the code by typing

python3 Reproducibility --surname=your_surname --devices=device_assigned --...

where your_surname is your_surname (lowercase) and device_assigned is the device that
is allocated for you. You can also modify other parameters (e.g., typing --batch-size=512
--num_classes=64 --lr=0.1) using values of your own choice, although there are already
default values programmed inside the code (check get_args function for the default values)

press enter.

7. To check if you successfully ran the algorithm, please wait for at least 3 minutes.
You should see something similar to this:

[[picture]]

8. If your terminal is similar to the image above, you are able to successfully run the training
algorithm. Congratulations!

9. To check the status of your training, go to wandb.ai/home and look for the Runs that is in
"running" state. That is where you can see the progress of your model that is in training

WARNING: Do NOT copy the link that appears on your terminal using ctrl+C. The command
ctrl+C will interrupt the process running in the terminal, which might cause you to lose your
current progress and restart the training process again.

10. You can now detach from the tmux session. To detach from the session, press
ctrl+B and press D. You will now return to your SSH terminal session.

Take note of the session number as you will use it later when reconnecting to the tmux terminal.

11. Type logout to log out of the SSH server and close your terminal.

12. Check that your progress is still running in wandb.ai


Additional:
Reattaching to tmux 
1. Open your terminal and log in to your SSH server
2. Type "tmux attach-session -t session_number", where session_number is the session number
of the training algorithm you are running


Stopping the training algorithm
1. Open the tmux session of the algorithm you are running
2. Press ctrl+C and wait for at least 2 minutes. You will see that the algorithm is
finishing up its training. 
3. You can find your model inside 197-Deep-Learning/checkpoints directory of your server.
The model is named "reproducibility-yoursurname-best-acc.ckpt."
4. Go back to the tmux session and stop the session. To stop the session, press
ctrl+b, and then press shift+;, type "kill-session". Log out of your server


